We need smart ways of ensuring the
sustainable use of our natural resources.
VTT is an expert in turning virgin
or recycled raw materials –
and industrial side streams into
new products made of biomass.
Processing biomass into industrially feasible
intermediates is the crucial first step –
in ensuring the creation of new
valuable bio-based products.
VTT provides strong competence
and multipurpose facilities.
Our offering includes technology co-development
and scale-up for future biorefineries.
We develop safe and ecological
regenerated fibre production concepts
Our know-how includes the engineering of alternative
methods for tailored nanocellulose qualities –
as well as advanced lignin recovery
and application technologies.
We also offer many approaches for developing
sustainable packaging solutions.
Our strong expertise in the
3D printing of biomaterials –
offers a novel way of
making customised products.
Could these unique pilots and expertise
offer you a fast track from R&D to production?